README.md, before:


![Travis (.org)](https://img.shields.io/travis/ChrisEssery/group-project)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/ChrisEssery/group-project)
![GitHub milestones](https://img.shields.io/github/milestones/open/ChrisEssery/group-project)
![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/ChrisEssery/group-project)
![GitHub closed pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed-raw/ChrisEssery/group-project)
![Github commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/ChrisEssery/group-project)


<div align="center">

# NotSoBored Games
### *Don't Get Bored, Get NotSoBored Games*.
[Our Team](#our-team) · [Aims & Objectives](#aims-and-objectives) · [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents) · [Technologies](#technologies-used)

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/Hnet.com-image.gif)


</div>


<div align="left">

## Our Webpage

NotSoBored games is a single page app (SPA) designed to tackle social isolation and loneliness in the elderly population through an easy-to-use, multiplayer online board game experience. With different board games to choose from, you'll be spoilt for choice as you play with friends and family to earn points and compete for the top spot on the leaderboard. So, if you're tired of lockdown and want to connect with loved ones then this engaging multiplayer experience is just for you.

Reconnect, play fun games, and enjoy yourself. With live video chat, you'll be able to see each other as you go head-to-head, competing at different levels of difficulty for a real challenge.


## Our Team

* Chris - Coder/Front-end :technologist:

* Lizhao - Coder/Full-stack :woman_technologist:

* Harri - Organiser/Back-end :prince:

* Max - Writer/Coder/Front-end :artist:


## Aims and Objectives

The overarching aim of this project is to use an online board game experience to reduce loneliness and social isolation among older people. To realise this aim, we create a playful, easy-to-use online multiplayer gaming platform with video chat delivered through a single page app (SPA).

Given the huge societal impact of the COVID-19 crisis with restrictions on people's lives and enforced "social distancing" measures, there has been a significant rise in levels of loneliness and social isolation in the general population, particularly among older adults [[**1**]](#references).  NotSoBored games is designed to help combat these public health concerns. Our proposed method differs from and contributes to existing methods by combing a simple, visually appealing user interface with video communication functionality. This delivers an engaging experience, unlike existing online games which lack video communication functionality and ease of use.

Our project objectives are as follows:

  * Build and deploy a responsive SPA using the MEAN stack, as per the project brief.
  * Implement a login, leaderboard, and two board games with multiplayer functionality and video chat.
  * Conduct extensive user testing through the development lifecycle to ensure the product meets the needs of the end-user and applies playfulness - and serious play - to the system.
  * Explore the effectiveness of this platform for improving states of wellbeing in end-users through user testing and self-report questionnaires.
  * Deliver a SPA that can be used as a tool that is fun, engaging, and easy to use.

We investigate whether these objectives are met and, based on our results, claim that our application uses 'serious play' to help tackle the growing issue of loneliness and isolation in this group.

In our project report, we explain and analyse our SPA, from ideation to implementation. In particular, we give an overview of background literature, conduct a state-of-the-art survey, provide a detailed account of our system design and implementation, project management before evaluating our progress and identifying promising avenues for future work. You can find the table of contents below which links you to each of the subsections of our report.

___

## Table of contents

## [1. Background and Motivation](Portfolio/Background.md)

This section is comprised of the following subsections:

* Background literature
* State of the art survey
* Problem definition
* Motivation

## [2. System Implementation](Portfolio/System_Implementation.md)

This section is comprised of the following subsections:

* Stack architecture and system design
* Back End - database implementation
* Middle Tier - express, Node, the RESTful API
* Front End - Angular
* Additional elements and components
* Deployment and integration

## [3. UX Design](Portfolio/UX_Design.md)

This section is comprised of the following subsections:

* Design Process and Ideation
* Identification of users and stakeholders
* UX approach - design methods
* Understanding user group
* Wireframes and interaction flow diagrams


## [4. Sprints & Project Management](Portfolio/Sprints_Project_Management.md)

This section is comprised of the following subsections:

* Group working methods
* Team roles and contributions
* Documentation of sprints
* Team use of Git


## [5. Evaluation](Portfolio/Evaluation.md)

This section is comprised of the following subsections:

* Evaluation of design
* Unit testing
* User acceptance testing

## [6. Conclusion](Portfolio/Conclusion.md)

This section is comprised of the following subsections:

* Reflection on working practices
* Reflection of successes
* Impact of Covid-19
* Social and ethical implications
* Future work


## Technologies Used
Project is created with:
* MEAN stack with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 11.1.4.
* Docker


## Copyright

Please note that all photos used in this report were obtained from [unsplash](https://unsplash.com/), a curated selection of images licensed under the Unsplash license, a similar license to Creative Commons photos.


![Alt Text](https://media.giphy.com/media/vFKqnCdLPNOKc/giphy.gif)</div>

___

## References

[1] Hwang, Tzung-Jeng et al. “Loneliness and social isolation during the COVID-19 pandemic.” International psychogeriatrics vol. 32,10 (2020): 1217-1220. doi:10.1017/S1041610220000988

___

Commit message:

:pencil: adding more references to serious play

README.md, after:


![Travis (.org)](https://img.shields.io/travis/ChrisEssery/group-project)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/ChrisEssery/group-project)
![GitHub milestones](https://img.shields.io/github/milestones/open/ChrisEssery/group-project)
![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/ChrisEssery/group-project)
![GitHub closed pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed-raw/ChrisEssery/group-project)
![Github commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/ChrisEssery/group-project)


<div align="center">

# NotSoBored Games
### *Don't Get Bored, Get NotSoBored Games*.
[Our Team](#our-team) · [Aims & Objectives](#aims-and-objectives) · [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents) · [Technologies](#technologies-used)

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/Hnet.com-image.gif)


</div>


<div align="left">

## Our Webpage

NotSoBored games is a single page app (SPA) designed to tackle social isolation and loneliness in the elderly population through an easy-to-use, multiplayer online board game experience. With different board games to choose from, you'll be spoilt for choice as you play with friends and family to earn points and compete for the top spot on the leaderboard. So, if you're tired of lockdown and want to connect with loved ones then this engaging multiplayer experience is just for you.

Reconnect, play fun games, and enjoy yourself. With live video chat, you'll be able to see each other as you go head-to-head, competing at different levels of difficulty for a real challenge. *This isn't just play, this is serious play*. 


## Our Team

* Chris - Coder/Front-end :technologist:

* Lizhao - Coder/Full-stack :woman_technologist:

* Harri - Organiser/Back-end :prince:

* Max - Writer/Coder/Front-end :artist:


## Aims and Objectives

The overarching aim of this project is to use an online board game experience to reduce loneliness and social isolation among older people. To realise this aim, we create a playful, easy-to-use online multiplayer gaming platform with video chat delivered through a single page app (SPA).

Given the huge societal impact of the COVID-19 crisis with restrictions on people's lives and enforced "social distancing" measures, there has been a significant rise in levels of loneliness and social isolation in the general population, particularly among older adults [[**1**]](#references).  NotSoBored games is designed to help combat these public health concerns. Our proposed method differs from and contributes to existing methods by combing a simple, visually appealing user interface with video communication functionality. This delivers an engaging experience, unlike existing online games which lack video communication functionality and ease of use.

Our project objectives are as follows:

  * Build and deploy a responsive SPA using the MEAN stack, as per the project brief.
  * Implement a login, leaderboard, and two board games with multiplayer functionality and video chat.
  * Conduct extensive user testing through the development lifecycle to ensure the product meets the needs of the end-user and applies playfulness - and serious play - to the system.
  * Explore the effectiveness of this platform for improving states of wellbeing in end-users through user testing and self-report questionnaires.
  * Deliver a SPA that can be used as a tool that is fun, engaging, and easy to use.

We investigate whether these objectives are met and, based on our results, claim that our application uses 'serious play' to help tackle the growing issue of loneliness and isolation in this group.

In our project report, we explain and analyse our SPA, from ideation to implementation. In particular, we give an overview of background literature, conduct a state-of-the-art survey, provide a detailed account of our system design and implementation, project management before evaluating our progress and identifying promising avenues for future work. You can find the table of contents below which links you to each of the subsections of our report.

___

## Table of contents

## [1. Background and Motivation](Portfolio/Background.md)

This section is comprised of the following subsections:

* Background literature
* State of the art survey
* Problem definition
* Motivation

## [2. System Implementation](Portfolio/System_Implementation.md)

This section is comprised of the following subsections:

* Stack architecture and system design
* Back End - database implementation
* Middle Tier - express, Node, the RESTful API
* Front End - Angular
* Additional elements and components
* Deployment and integration

## [3. UX Design](Portfolio/UX_Design.md)

This section is comprised of the following subsections:

* Design Process and Ideation
* Identification of users and stakeholders
* UX approach - design methods
* Understanding user group
* Wireframes and interaction flow diagrams


## [4. Sprints & Project Management](Portfolio/Sprints_Project_Management.md)

This section is comprised of the following subsections:

* Group working methods
* Team roles and contributions
* Documentation of sprints
* Team use of Git


## [5. Evaluation](Portfolio/Evaluation.md)

This section is comprised of the following subsections:

* Evaluation of design
* Unit testing
* User acceptance testing

## [6. Conclusion](Portfolio/Conclusion.md)

This section is comprised of the following subsections:

* Reflection on working practices
* Reflection of successes
* Impact of Covid-19
* Social and ethical implications
* Future work


## Technologies Used
Project is created with:
* MEAN stack with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 11.1.4.
* Docker


## Copyright

Please note that all photos used in this report were obtained from [unsplash](https://unsplash.com/), a curated selection of images licensed under the Unsplash license, a similar license to Creative Commons photos.


![Alt Text](https://media.giphy.com/media/vFKqnCdLPNOKc/giphy.gif)</div>

___

## References

[1] Hwang, Tzung-Jeng et al. “Loneliness and social isolation during the COVID-19 pandemic.” International psychogeriatrics vol. 32,10 (2020): 1217-1220. doi:10.1017/S1041610220000988

___
