Portfolio/Background.md, before:

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/header.png)

</div>

___

# Background and Motivation

In this section, we discuss the background literature, state-of-the-art survey and motivation and problem definition of the app. We start with the background literature on the topic of isolation and loneliness in our ageing society, and look at how games can be used to combat these issues. We then go on to present our state of the art survey of current applications used to address these issues, before explaining the problem definition and motivation behind our product.

## Table of contents

* [**Background literature**](#background-literature)
   * [Background literature](#background-literature)
   * [Defining key terms](#defining-key-terms)
   * [Public health concerns](#public-health-concerns)
* [**State of the art survey**](#state-of-the-art-survey)
   * [State of the art survey](#state-of-the-art-survey)
   * [Evaluation of survey](#evaluation-of-survey)
* [**Problem definition**](#problem-definition)
   * [Motivation](#motivation)
   * [Problem definition](#problem-definition)


## Background literature

In this section, we provide an overview of the background literature relating to social isolation and loneliness among older people. We define key terms and identify public health concerns and current interventions.

According to recent figures, around 50% of people over the age of 60 will face social isolation and around 33% will experience some level of loneliness during the remaining period of their lives [[**1**]](#references). These figures point to a growing public health issue affecting older members of the population - one that is likely to continue with the growing size of our ageing society, both in the UK and internationally.

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/background1.png)

</div>

Before going any further, we have to define key terms, specifically loneliness and isolation.

### Defining key terms

Following Valtora and Hanratty, we define loneliness as both a social and emotional phenomenon. According to this definition, social loneliness refers to a "subjective negative feeling associated with a lack of social network", and emotional loneliness refers to the "absence of a specific companion"[[**2**]](#references).

Social isolation, Valtora and Hanratt claim, has multiple dimensions. According to this definition, social isolation refers to a lack of social interactions with friends, family, and the community [[**2**]](#references).

Our target group is adults above the age of 70. However, we acknowledge that individuals who fall short of this boundary would also benefit from the social engagement derived from playing our game. And for our user testing we asked a wide range of users to test our prototype and provide their feedback in our user test survey (see [here](#user-testing) for the results of that survey).

### Public health concerns

Following Valtora and Hanratty, we define loneliness as both a social and emotional phenomenon. According to this definition, social loneliness refers to a "subjective negative feeling associated with a lack of social network", and emotional loneliness refers to the "absence of a specific companion"[[**2**]](#references).
There are several public health concerns linked to loneliness and isolation. Let's begin by looking at the health issues. The health issues associated with loneliness and isolation range from high blood pressure and suppressed immune function to heart disease, body aches and pains, and headaches.

The second health concern is mental health issues. These issues often arise when a person is lonely and isolated. Typically, they will experience increased levels of negative emotions such as anxiety and depression. This is a very serious and significant effect and is closely interconnected with health issues since the adverse effects of poor mental health often impact a person's physical health. This is because poor mental health can lead to a lack of motivation to prioritise self-care and a reduced desire to go outside. The former is linked to the abovementioned health issues and the latter can lead to melatonin suppression which is linked to insomnia.

Overall, the impact of mental health problems is nontrivial. The increased likelihood of depression can lead to suicidal ideation, a weakened immune system due to a bad diet and lack of exercise, as well as health problems such as heart disease and high blood pressure.

The third public health concern is cognitive decline. As with the previous two health concerns, cognitive decline is intimately tied to poor mental and physical health. Without a social network, people can experience a decline in their mental acuity, choosing to avoid activities that challenge their minds and promote cognitive development in late adulthood. Research shows that some cognitive functions such as remembering vocabulary remain during older age, while others such as conceptual reasoning and memory decline. It is very important, therefore, that older adults exercise their minds to avoid cognitive decline [[**3**]](#references).

### Can digital games help tackle the health concerns associated with loneliness and isolation?

Before reviewing existing solutions and identifying the gap in the market concerning digital games for the elderly, we will look at what science tells about the role digital games can play in tackling loneliness and isolation.

According to research by Kaufman et al, digital games offer opportunities for older adults to socialise and engage with each other. This, Kaufman claims, improves their emotional states and reduces depression, as well as having social benefits and improved cognitive performance concerning working memory and attention [[**5**]](#references). This is something they can do without much difficulty. It is also fun, entertaining and provides real value and meaning to their lives.

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/background2.png)

</div>

Although the widely held view of ageing is that physical and cognitive decline are inevitable aspects of getting older, recent neuroscience research suggests that these trends can be slowed significantly with the right training and techniques. In particular, playing online games can have significant benefits for the elderly in their daily lives. Researchers at King's College London have shown that brain training games are very beneficial for older adults, both in terms of cognitive functions such as memory and decision making but also in terms of dealing with everyday tasks such as managing finances, administrative tasks, and shopping [[**6**]](#references). Research has also shown that brain training daily can have long-lasting effects on a person's cognitive abilities.

For instance, Hall et al's (2012) review found that a large majority of studies on the effects of digital gameplay on the elderly demonstrated positive outcomes. Zhang and Kaufman's 2015 review concluded that digital gameplay had positive outcomes in balance, executive function, and processing speed. Furthermore, most research shows that playing games improve life satisfaction and quality of life.

In addition to this, there is research that suggests that maintaining daily mental activity can help delay the onset of Alzheimer's disease.

The level of difficulty of our chosen games is something to bear in mind since research shows that playing more challenging games yields greater benefits than setting the game at a level that is too easy. For instance, Kaufman et al have shown that "playing at an intermediate and advanced level can provide greater benefits than playing at a beginner level since the cognitive demands are greater" [[**4**]](#references). Whilst this indicates that the game difficulty ideally should be challenging, it's worth bearing in mind that the game also has to be enjoyable and fun. So, with that in mind, we would need to carefully decide on a baseline difficulty that would have benefits without the drawbacks associated with a game that is too difficult to even enjoy.

## State of the art survey: what is out there already?

We now turn to our state-of-the-art survey. After reviewing the state-of-the-art technologies currently in use, we discovered that digital games have proven to be a very useful tool for helping the older population with social, emotional, and cognitive benefits.

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/background11.png)

</div>

We now turn to the state-of-the-art survey. There is a wide range of digital games designed for the elderly and games that can be easily used by the elderly. Mobile games are a good option as you have thousands of fun, free games that allow you to play against friends, family, and anyone in the world.

Puzzle games such as candy crush is a popular mobile game. There are also console games, but for our purposes, we will be focusing on games that you can access through a webpage. Let's focus on the webpage games. We have Bejeweled, which involves swapping bright gems of different shapes and colours to earn points. Gummy Drop! is a game that enables you to rebuild monuments from around the world. AARP's free online games host a huge range of card, puzzle, and arcade games. Gametable's free online games are an example that is close to what we would like to approximate with our application since it has easy games like tic-tac-toe and checkers. It is simple and straightforward to use. Let's now focus on three of these: AARP, Gametable's, and ... after we have done this we will look at two outliers that merit consideration.

### AARP's free online games
___

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/background5.png)

</div>

This site contains a very large number of different board games ranging from sudoku and checkers to chess and scrabble.

It has a membership fee of $12 per year

It is fairly straightforward to navigate, however the webpage is quite cluttered.

No video communication functionality.


### The Pros:
- Site contains a wide variety of games
- Responsive
- Clean designed

### The Cons:
- Membership fee is quite high
- Paradox of choice - too many games to choose from
- No video game functionality

### Gametable's free online Games
___

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/background4.png)

</div>

This site contains a fewer games that AARP.

It's free

It is a clean, straightforward homepage and is very easy to use.

No video communication functionality.


### The Pros:
- Straightforward to navigate
- It's free
- Fewer games
- Clean design
- Engaging interface


### The Cons:
- No video communication functionality
- Fewer games
- No multiplayer functionality


### Lexulous
___

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/background3.png)

</div>

For example, Lexulous and Words with friends are scrabble-style games easily downloaded from the App store.


### The Pros:
- Straightforward to use
- Multiplayer functionality
- Possible to play with friends and family
- Good for brain training


### The Cons:
- Limited to scrabble-style game
- Is it better than competitors, for e.g., wordswithfriends?
- Requires download which might confuse users



### Outliers

There are a few outliers which host digital games for the elderly.


### A gap in the market

After conducting our state-of-the-art survey, we managed to garner useful data about games for older adults. One of the main insights we arrived at is that there exists a gap in the market. In particular, there is a gap in the market for a site like Gametable which is easy-to-use and with few games to choose from, but with added features of multiplayer mode and video communication functionality. These two features, it is clear, are lacking in current products - there doesn't appear to be anything in the market which offers both of these services.

Pete: Provide examples of the "current solutions out there/trends/relations between what already exists, and what's the gap in the market/research that you're addressing."

According to Pete, we need to outline how our app differs from these apps. We also need to mention a handful of outliers or novel approaches too that may be under the radar, explain how they're important, then perhaps discuss any relevant academic papers (say if there were an interesting machine learning approach.

We can discuss the benefits of adding increased level of difficulty, and how we will (possibly?) try and incorporate this into the web app.

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/background6.png)

</div>



## Problem definition

When considering the problem definition, we felt it was important to combat an issue that was both relevant and of real importance. As such, we decided social isolation and loneliness in the elderly would be a good target problem since these are pressing issues in modern times for which there are few available online tools designed to address these issues.

Our problem definition was social isolation and loneliness in the elderly and insufficient online tools to help address these issues. Our proposed solution to this problem was to connect the elderly through an online multiplayer game designed to reduce feelings of loneliness and improve health and wellbeing.

Clearly, the problem of social isolation and loneliness in the elderly is a huge issue facing humanity. A growing elderly population with increased needs in later life present a serious health care crisis. The scope and challenge of this problem, clearly, go beyond the scope of our project. In light of this, our scope is narrowed to make a real, meaningful impact on the lives of our target population.

## Motivation

The motivation behind our webpage is to create a SPA capable of combating the real-world problem of loneliness and isolation through a multiplayer online board game.

The overarching aim is to create a game that can engage the elderly through a fun, engaging platform. To realise this aim, we created a SPA that helps the elderly to connect with friends and loved ones, and enjoy some classic board games.


<table>
<tr>
  <th>The Pros</th>
  <th>The Cons</th>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>- Site contains a wide variety of games  <br /> - Responsive  <br /> - Clean designed</td>
  <td>- Membership fee is quite high  <br />- Paradox of choice - too many games to choose from
  - No video game functionality </td>
</tr>
</table>


## References

[1] Fakoya, O.A., McCorry, N.K. & Donnelly, M. Loneliness and social isolation interventions for older adults: a scoping review of reviews. BMC Public Health 20, 129 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1186/s12889-020-8251-6

[2] Valtorta N, Hanratty B. Loneliness, isolation and the health of older adults: do we need a new research agenda? J R Soc Med Suppl. 2012;105(12):518–22.

[3]  Williams, K. N., & Kemper, S. (2010). Interventions to reduce cognitive decline in aging. Journal of psychosocial nursing and mental health services, 48(5), 42–51. https://doi.org/10.3928/02793695-20100331-03 Kaufman,  D,  Sauvé  L,  Renaud  L,  Sixsmith  A, Mortenson  B. Digital  gameplay  by  older  adults: patterns,  benefits,  and  challenges.  Simulation  & Gaming, 2016; 47(4):475-489

[4, 5] Kaufman,  D,  Sauvé  L,  Renaud  L,  Sixsmith  A, Mortenson  B. Digital  gameplay  by  older  adults: patterns,  benefits,  and  challenges.  Simulation  & Gaming, 2016; 47(4):475-489

[6] Corbett A, Owen A, Hampshire A, Grahn J, Stenton R, Dajani S, Burns A, Howard R, Williams N, Williams G, Ballard C. The Effect of an Online Cognitive Training Package in Healthy Older Adults: An Online Randomized Controlled Trial. J Am Med Dir Assoc. 2015 Nov 1;16(11):990-7. doi: 10.1016/j.jamda.2015.06.014. PMID: 26543007.

___


## Navigate

- [Go To Next Section: System Implementation](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Portfolio/System_Implementation.md)
- [Go Back To Readme](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/tree/dev)

Commit message:

:pencil: adding the concept of 'serious play' to the documentation

Portfolio/Background.md, after:

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/header.png)

</div>

___

# Background and Motivation

In this section, we discuss the background literature, state-of-the-art survey and problem definition of the app. We start with the background literature on the topic of isolation and loneliness in our ageing society, and look at how games can be used to combat these issues. We also focus on the idea of serious play, and how we can apply this concept to our product. We then go on to present our state of the art survey of current applications used to address these issues, before explaining the problem definition and motivation behind our product and how we intend to use serious play to address our target problem.

## Table of contents

* [**Background literature**](#background-literature)
   * [Background literature](#background-literature)
   * [Defining key terms](#defining-key-terms)
   * [Public health concerns](#public-health-concerns)
* [**State of the art survey**](#state-of-the-art-survey)
   * [State of the art survey](#state-of-the-art-survey)
   * [Evaluation of survey](#evaluation-of-survey)
* [**Problem definition**](#problem-definition)
   * [Motivation](#motivation)
   * [Problem definition](#problem-definition)


## Background literature

In this section, we provide an overview of the background literature relating to social isolation and loneliness among older people. We define key terms and identify public health concerns and current interventions.

According to recent figures, around 50% of people over the age of 60 will face social isolation and around 33% will experience some level of loneliness during the remaining period of their lives [[**1**]](#references). These figures point to a growing public health issue affecting older members of the population - one that is likely to continue with the growing size of our ageing society, both in the UK and internationally.

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/background1.png)

</div>

Before going any further, we have to define key terms, specifically loneliness and isolation.

### Defining key terms

Following Valtora and Hanratty, we define loneliness as both a social and emotional phenomenon. According to this definition, social loneliness refers to a "subjective negative feeling associated with a lack of social network", and emotional loneliness refers to the "absence of a specific companion"[[**2**]](#references).

Social isolation, Valtora and Hanratt claim, has multiple dimensions. According to this definition, social isolation refers to a lack of social interactions with friends, family, and the community [[**2**]](#references).

Our target group is adults above the age of 70. However, we acknowledge that individuals who fall short of this boundary would also benefit from the social engagement derived from playing our game. And for our user testing we asked a wide range of users to test our prototype and provide their feedback in our user test survey (see [here](#user-testing) for the results of that survey).

### Public health concerns

Following Valtora and Hanratty, we define loneliness as both a social and emotional phenomenon. According to this definition, social loneliness refers to a "subjective negative feeling associated with a lack of social network", and emotional loneliness refers to the "absence of a specific companion"[[**2**]](#references).
There are several public health concerns linked to loneliness and isolation. Let's begin by looking at the health issues. The health issues associated with loneliness and isolation range from high blood pressure and suppressed immune function to heart disease, body aches and pains, and headaches.

The second health concern is mental health issues. These issues often arise when a person is lonely and isolated. Typically, they will experience increased levels of negative emotions such as anxiety and depression. This is a very serious and significant effect and is closely interconnected with health issues since the adverse effects of poor mental health often impact a person's physical health. This is because poor mental health can lead to a lack of motivation to prioritise self-care and a reduced desire to go outside. The former is linked to the above-mentioned health issues and the latter can lead to melatonin suppression which is linked to insomnia.

Overall, the impact of mental health problems is nontrivial. The increased likelihood of depression can lead to suicidal ideation, a weakened immune system due to a bad diet and lack of exercise, as well as health problems such as heart disease and high blood pressure.

The third public health concern is cognitive decline. As with the previous two health concerns, cognitive decline is intimately tied to poor mental and physical health. Without a social network, people can experience a decline in their mental acuity, choosing to avoid activities that challenge their minds and promote cognitive development in late adulthood. Research shows that some cognitive functions such as remembering vocabulary remain during older age, while others such as conceptual reasoning and memory decline. It is very important, therefore, that older adults exercise their minds to avoid cognitive decline [[**3**]](#references).

### What is 'serious play' and how can it be used to address loneliness and isolation?

Using Zimmerman (2004), we can categorise 'play' as 'game play', where play is a verb, a doing word. In these cases play arise through the interaction with structures and rules. The second category is ludic activity, where play activities are not only games, unstructure play, simulation and there are no strongly defined objective. Finally, there is play as mindset which is an adjective where the spirit of play is imbibed into non-typical play activities.

We aren't playing a straight up game but we were thinking about play as an activity. Play can be found within games, of course, and games can be seen as a subset of play. Serious play is set in the brief as play and games innate in computing, learning through play, play as an educational tool which encourages novel solutions and allows 'serious' problems to be seen through a new lens. For our purposes, serious play was a good way to apply play in a way to tackle a serious solution without responding in a typical, run-of-the-mill way.

There is a theory of play, developed by Richard Ryan, using the PENS model, the Player Experience of Needs Satisfaction. We have three key needs to satisfy through play. First there is competence, feelings of pride and self-confidence, self-efficacy towards activity and mastery of a challenge. Instill these feelings of pride and self-efficacy, you help push a person reach what they think to be there limits and then go beyond those limits. Autonomy is all about freedom and agency, feeling in control and being able to self-express. Finally, there is relatedness, of connecting with others and feeling like you are a part of community. These are aspects of intrinsic motivations (see R.A.M.P).

A Theory of Fun for Game Design was very useful for practical study of fun in game design.

Rules versus open-endedness. These are several important questions to ask to inform the process of altering our design to keep play at the centre of our features. Does your system have rules? How does the user learn or discover the rules? How does the users interaction with the rules make it playful? Does the user get to define the rules? And is it possible to break the rules? How fo the rules help the user achieve the objectives? How do the rules relate to the serious problem that our project addresses?


### Can digital games help tackle the health concerns associated with loneliness and isolation?

Before reviewing existing solutions and identifying the gap in the market concerning digital games for the elderly, we will look at what science tells about the role digital games can play in tackling loneliness and isolation.

According to research by Kaufman et al, digital games offer opportunities for older adults to socialise and engage with each other. This, Kaufman claims, improves their emotional states and reduces depression, as well as having social benefits and improved cognitive performance concerning working memory and attention [[**5**]](#references). This is something they can do without much difficulty. It is also fun, entertaining and provides real value and meaning to their lives.

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/background2.png)

</div>

Although the widely held view of ageing is that physical and cognitive decline are inevitable aspects of getting older, recent neuroscience research suggests that these trends can be slowed significantly with the right training and techniques. In particular, playing online games can have significant benefits for the elderly in their daily lives. Researchers at King's College London have shown that brain training games are very beneficial for older adults, both in terms of cognitive functions such as memory and decision making but also in terms of dealing with everyday tasks such as managing finances, administrative tasks, and shopping [[**6**]](#references). Research has also shown that brain training daily can have long-lasting effects on a person's cognitive abilities.

For instance, Hall et al's (2012) review found that a large majority of studies on the effects of digital gameplay on the elderly demonstrated positive outcomes. Zhang and Kaufman's 2015 review concluded that digital gameplay had positive outcomes in balance, executive function, and processing speed. Furthermore, most research shows that playing games improve life satisfaction and quality of life.

In addition to this, there is research that suggests that maintaining daily mental activity can help delay the onset of Alzheimer's disease.

The level of difficulty of our chosen games is something to bear in mind since research shows that playing more challenging games yields greater benefits than setting the game at a level that is too easy. For instance, Kaufman et al have shown that "playing at an intermediate and advanced level can provide greater benefits than playing at a beginner level since the cognitive demands are greater" [[**4**]](#references). Whilst this indicates that the game difficulty ideally should be challenging, it's worth bearing in mind that the game also has to be enjoyable and fun. So, with that in mind, we would need to carefully decide on a baseline difficulty that would have benefits without the drawbacks associated with a game that is too difficult to even enjoy.

## State of the art survey: what is out there already?

We now turn to our state-of-the-art survey. After reviewing the state-of-the-art technologies currently in use, we discovered that digital games have proven to be a very useful tool for helping the older population with social, emotional, and cognitive benefits.

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/background11.png)

</div>

We now turn to the state-of-the-art survey. There is a wide range of digital games designed for the elderly and games that can be easily used by the elderly. Mobile games are a good option as you have thousands of fun, free games that allow you to play against friends, family, and anyone in the world.

Puzzle games such as candy crush is a popular mobile game. There are also console games, but for our purposes, we will be focusing on games that you can access through a webpage. Let's focus on the webpage games. We have Bejeweled, which involves swapping bright gems of different shapes and colours to earn points. Gummy Drop! is a game that enables you to rebuild monuments from around the world. AARP's free online games host a huge range of card, puzzle, and arcade games. Gametable's free online games are an example that is close to what we would like to approximate with our application since it has easy games like tic-tac-toe and checkers. It is simple and straightforward to use. Let's now focus on three of these: AARP, Gametable's, and ... after we have done this we will look at two outliers that merit consideration.

### AARP's free online games
___

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/background5.png)

</div>

This site contains a very large number of different board games ranging from sudoku and checkers to chess and scrabble.

It has a membership fee of $12 per year

It is fairly straightforward to navigate, however the webpage is quite cluttered.

No video communication functionality.


### The Pros:
- Site contains a wide variety of games
- Responsive
- Clean designed

### The Cons:
- Membership fee is quite high
- Paradox of choice - too many games to choose from
- No video game functionality

### Gametable's free online Games
___

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/background4.png)

</div>

This site contains a fewer games that AARP.

It's free

It is a clean, straightforward homepage and is very easy to use.

No video communication functionality.


### The Pros:
- Straightforward to navigate
- It's free
- Fewer games
- Clean design
- Engaging interface


### The Cons:
- No video communication functionality
- Fewer games
- No multiplayer functionality


### Lexulous
___

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/background3.png)

</div>

For example, Lexulous and Words with friends are scrabble-style games easily downloaded from the App store.


### The Pros:
- Straightforward to use
- Multiplayer functionality
- Possible to play with friends and family
- Good for brain training


### The Cons:
- Limited to scrabble-style game
- Is it better than competitors, for e.g., wordswithfriends?
- Requires download which might confuse users



### Outliers

There are a few outliers which host digital games for the elderly.


### A gap in the market

After conducting our state-of-the-art survey, we managed to garner useful data about games for older adults. One of the main insights we arrived at is that there exists a gap in the market. In particular, there is a gap in the market for a site like Gametable which is easy-to-use and with few games to choose from, but with added features of multiplayer mode and video communication functionality. These two features, it is clear, are lacking in current products - there doesn't appear to be anything in the market which offers both of these services.

Pete: Provide examples of the "current solutions out there/trends/relations between what already exists, and what's the gap in the market/research that you're addressing."

According to Pete, we need to outline how our app differs from these apps. We also need to mention a handful of outliers or novel approaches too that may be under the radar, explain how they're important, then perhaps discuss any relevant academic papers (say if there were an interesting machine learning approach.

We can discuss the benefits of adding increased level of difficulty, and how we will (possibly?) try and incorporate this into the web app.

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/background6.png)

</div>



## Problem definition

When considering the problem definition, we felt it was important to combat an issue that was both relevant and of real importance. As such, we decided social isolation and loneliness in the elderly would be a good target problem since these are pressing issues in modern times for which there are few available online tools designed to address these issues.

Our problem definition was social isolation and loneliness in the elderly and insufficient online tools to help address these issues. Our proposed solution to this problem was to connect the elderly through an online multiplayer game designed to reduce feelings of loneliness and improve health and wellbeing.

Clearly, the problem of social isolation and loneliness in the elderly is a huge issue facing humanity. A growing elderly population with increased needs in later life present a serious health care crisis. The scope and challenge of this problem, clearly, go beyond the scope of our project. In light of this, our scope is narrowed to make a real, meaningful impact on the lives of our target population.

## Motivation

The motivation behind our webpage is to create a SPA capable of combating the real-world problem of loneliness and isolation through a multiplayer online board game.

The overarching aim is to create a game that can engage the elderly through a fun, engaging platform. To realise this aim, we created a SPA that helps the elderly to connect with friends and loved ones, and enjoy some classic board games.


<table>
<tr>
  <th>The Pros</th>
  <th>The Cons</th>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>- Site contains a wide variety of games  <br /> - Responsive  <br /> - Clean designed</td>
  <td>- Membership fee is quite high  <br />- Paradox of choice - too many games to choose from
  - No video game functionality </td>
</tr>
</table>


## References

[1] Fakoya, O.A., McCorry, N.K. & Donnelly, M. Loneliness and social isolation interventions for older adults: a scoping review of reviews. BMC Public Health 20, 129 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1186/s12889-020-8251-6

[2] Valtorta N, Hanratty B. Loneliness, isolation and the health of older adults: do we need a new research agenda? J R Soc Med Suppl. 2012;105(12):518–22.

[3]  Williams, K. N., & Kemper, S. (2010). Interventions to reduce cognitive decline in aging. Journal of psychosocial nursing and mental health services, 48(5), 42–51. https://doi.org/10.3928/02793695-20100331-03 Kaufman,  D,  Sauvé  L,  Renaud  L,  Sixsmith  A, Mortenson  B. Digital  gameplay  by  older  adults: patterns,  benefits,  and  challenges.  Simulation  & Gaming, 2016; 47(4):475-489

[4, 5] Kaufman,  D,  Sauvé  L,  Renaud  L,  Sixsmith  A, Mortenson  B. Digital  gameplay  by  older  adults: patterns,  benefits,  and  challenges.  Simulation  & Gaming, 2016; 47(4):475-489

[6] Corbett A, Owen A, Hampshire A, Grahn J, Stenton R, Dajani S, Burns A, Howard R, Williams N, Williams G, Ballard C. The Effect of an Online Cognitive Training Package in Healthy Older Adults: An Online Randomized Controlled Trial. J Am Med Dir Assoc. 2015 Nov 1;16(11):990-7. doi: 10.1016/j.jamda.2015.06.014. PMID: 26543007.

___


## Navigate

- [Go To Next Section: System Implementation](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Portfolio/System_Implementation.md)
- [Go Back To Readme](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/tree/dev)
