Portfolio/Conclusion.md, before:

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/header.png)

</div>

___

# Conclusion

In this final section, we reflect on our application and how far we've come. We start by reflecting on our working practices, evaluating strengths and weaknesses. We the go on to reflect on the success of the project, with a focus on whether the brief and objectives were met. We then assess the impact Covid-19 had on our project. Finally, we discuss the social and ethical implications of our product and look ahead to future work in terms of design, development and evaluation, and the impact of our work more generally.

## Table of contents


* [**Reflection on working practices**](#reflection-on-working-practices)
  * [Our working practices](#our-working-practices)
  * [Evaluation of working practices](#evaluation-of-working-practices)
* [**Reflection of success of project**](#reflection-of-success-of-proejct)
  * [How well did our project fulfil the brief?](#how-well-did-our-project-fulfil-the-brief?)
  * [Were objectives met?](#were-objectives-met?)
* [**Impact of Covid-19s**](#social-and-ethical-implications)
  * [How Covid-19 affected our project](#how-covid-19-affected-our-project)
* [**Social and ethical implications**](#social-and-ethical-implications)
  * [Our ethical responsibilities](#our-ethical-responsibilities)
  * [Social implications](#social-implications)
  * [Data protection](#data-protection)
* [**Future work**](#future-work)
  * [Impact of our work](#Impact-of-our-work)
  * [Design, development, and evaluation](#design-development-and-evaluation)
  * [Possible extensions](#possible-extensions)



## Evaluation of design

When it came to the design of the project we felt... with this in mind, we will now evaluate the strengths, weaknesses and potential extensions of the design before reflecting on the lessons we've learned about this aspect of the project.


## Reflection on working practices

We now turn to our working practices...


### Our working practices


### Evaluation of working practices



## Reflection of success of project

There have been many successes throughout the duration of this unit.


### How well did our project fulfil the brief?


### Were objectives met?


## Impact of Covid-19


### How Covid-19 affected our project

The outbreak of COVID-19 in March, and the subsequent lockdowns running up to the end of April affected each us in many ways. It is to this topic we now turn our attention. In particular, we will cover the main ways in which the pandemic affected our project.

The first major impact was communication. Specifically, Covid-19 prevented us from meeting in person. This meant that we were reliant on communication platforms to not only talk about the project but work collaboratively on the coding side of things. The second issue we faced was...


## Social and ethical implications

TO DO: edit this + add more implications

Ethical issues concerning data privacy and security of our prototype were addressed by our team, particularly during the later stages of the project.

### Our ethical responsibilities

To determine whether our approach was morally permissible, we can apply the theories of normative ethics. According to deontological and virtue ethics perspectives, our project should have complied with some ethical codes of conduct. This is because compliance with codes of conduct ensures conformity to universal rules, norms and core values, which is in accordance with deontological and virtue ethics since both theories require adherence to rules and values. Failing to adhere to these rules and values, therefore, amounts to unethical behaviour. In light of this, we decided to follow the BSC code of conduct, a value-based code of ethics for IT professionals. We decided this would be appropriate to use as an ethical framework to guide our actions and decisions during the project, and which aligns with the goals of normative ethics.

By explicitly citing this as our code of conduct, we felt that we would be more likely to avoid behaving unethically, and that if we were challenged on ethical grounds despite having followed this code of conduct, we would be able to justify our actions by referring to it. This, we felt, would be particularly important in relation to working practices concerned with the way we handled and stored people's data. In addition to this, from a consequentialist perspective, conformance to the BSC arguably produces a morally good outcome, which focuses on mitigating risk and maximising human welfare.


### Social implications



### Data protection

Now, turning to data protection. As moral individuals, we were aware that as computer scientists we have a professional and moral responsibility to protect personal data. Our jobs involve the protection of privacy which is a fundamental moral human right - a right that preserves autonomy and dignity [**1**](#references) which is of paramount importance when dealing with stakeholders. That's not to say it's an absolute right like the right to life; it's a qualified right, so there are extreme circumstances in which it can be infringed upon.

Given this, from design to implementation, privacy protection was of paramount importance to use. We used the ‘The International Data Privacy Principles' (IDPPs) as an appropriate guide to managing personal data. This complies normative ethics since in enshrines values and encourages positive outcomes. A further strength of the project concerns its approach to data protection. Specifically, the we (maybe, possibly) anonymised participants' personal data, and the software has (maybe, possibly if we have time) implementations to remove personal data if the participant so desires. This is in clear accordance with General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

Despite all of this, there are certainly limitations with our product. For instance, we weren't able to focus on protect data as robustly as we would have liked. This was due to time constraints and heavy workloads. One possible extension concerns testing. In particular, the software would benefit from some more extensive testing. A possible project extension to address this limitation would be to conduct rigorous tests to determine what a hacker could manipulate, attack those vulnerabilities and then fix them [**3**](#references).

For example, a brute-force attack to guess a user password and a simple account suspension on the third incorrect entry of the password. A secure-sockets-layer (SSL) encryption to ensure data transferred between devices is encrypted and secure would have established greater data security. These nontrivial features would bolster the security of the app and make it a better candidate for future use in data gathering, which is important given the significance of privacy and security concerns in the uptake of mobile health technologies [**2**](#references). Maybe this is a little over the top though for our purposes. But regardless, we can discuss this added security as a potential feature were we to scale up this project.

## Future work

There is, we feel, a lot of scope for future work in this area. In particular...


### Impact of our work


### Design, development, and evaluation


### Possible extensions



## References

[1] Brey, P. (2007). Ethical Aspects of Information Security and Privacy, in: Security, Privacy, and Trust in Modern Data Management, 21-36.

[2] Hung, M., et al (2013). Uncovering patterns of technology use in consumer health informatics. Wiley interdisciplinary reviews. Computational statistics 5, 6: 432–447.

[3] Votipka, D., et al (2018). Hackers vs. Testers: A Comparison of Software Vulnerability Discovery Processes, IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy (SP), 374-391.
___

Commit message:

:pencil: adding ethical web principles to conclusion

Portfolio/Conclusion.md, after:

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/header.png)

</div>

___

# Conclusion

In this final section, we reflect on our application and how far we've come. We start by reflecting on our working practices, evaluating strengths and weaknesses. We the go on to reflect on the success of the project, with a focus on whether the brief and objectives were met. We then assess the impact Covid-19 had on our project. Finally, we discuss the social and ethical implications of our product and look ahead to future work in terms of design, development and evaluation, and the impact of our work more generally.

## Table of contents


* [**Reflection on working practices**](#reflection-on-working-practices)
  * [Our working practices](#our-working-practices)
  * [Evaluation of working practices](#evaluation-of-working-practices)
* [**Reflection of success of project**](#reflection-of-success-of-proejct)
  * [How well did our project fulfil the brief?](#how-well-did-our-project-fulfil-the-brief?)
  * [Were objectives met?](#were-objectives-met?)
* [**Impact of Covid-19s**](#social-and-ethical-implications)
  * [How Covid-19 affected our project](#how-covid-19-affected-our-project)
* [**Social and ethical implications**](#social-and-ethical-implications)
  * [Our ethical responsibilities](#our-ethical-responsibilities)
  * [Social implications](#social-implications)
  * [Data protection](#data-protection)
* [**Future work**](#future-work)
  * [Impact of our work](#Impact-of-our-work)
  * [Design, development, and evaluation](#design-development-and-evaluation)
  * [Possible extensions](#possible-extensions)



## Evaluation of design

When it came to the design of the project we felt... with this in mind, we will now evaluate the strengths, weaknesses and potential extensions of the design before reflecting on the lessons we've learned about this aspect of the project.


## Reflection on working practices

We now turn to our working practices...


### Our working practices


### Evaluation of working practices



## Reflection of success of project

There have been many successes throughout the duration of this unit.


### How well did our project fulfil the brief?


### Were objectives met?


## Impact of Covid-19


### How Covid-19 affected our project

The outbreak of COVID-19 in March, and the subsequent lockdowns running up to the end of April affected each us in many ways. It is to this topic we now turn our attention. In particular, we will cover the main ways in which the pandemic affected our project.

The first major impact was communication. Specifically, Covid-19 prevented us from meeting in person. This meant that we were reliant on communication platforms to not only talk about the project but work collaboratively on the coding side of things. The second issue we faced was...


## Social and ethical implications

TO DO: edit this + add more implications

Ethical issues concerning data privacy and security of our prototype were addressed by our team, particularly during the later stages of the project.

### Our ethical responsibilities

## Normative ethics and ethical frameworks

To determine whether our approach was morally permissible, we can apply the theories of normative ethics. According to deontological and virtue ethics perspectives, our project should have complied with some ethical codes of conduct. This is because compliance with codes of conduct ensures conformity to universal rules, norms and core values, which is in accordance with deontological and virtue ethics since both theories require adherence to rules and values. Failing to adhere to these rules and values, therefore, amounts to unethical behaviour. In light of this, we decided to follow the BSC code of conduct, a value-based code of ethics for IT professionals. We decided this would be appropriate to use as an ethical framework to guide our actions and decisions during the project, and which aligns with the goals of normative ethics.

By explicitly citing this as our code of conduct, we felt that we would be more likely to avoid behaving unethically, and that if we were challenged on ethical grounds despite having followed this code of conduct, we would be able to justify our actions by referring to it. This, we felt, would be particularly important in relation to working practices concerned with the way we handled and stored people's data. In addition to this, from a consequentialist perspective, conformance to the BSC arguably produces a morally good outcome, which focuses on mitigating risk and maximising human welfare.

Further to this, took the decision to follow the W3C TAG Ethical Web Principles. According to these principles, "The web should empower an equitable, informed and interconnected society". This captures the main idea at the heart of our ethical approach to creating our product. 


### Social implications



### Data protection

Now, turning to data protection. As moral individuals, we were aware that as computer scientists we have a professional and moral responsibility to protect personal data. Our jobs involve the protection of privacy which is a fundamental moral human right - a right that preserves autonomy and dignity [**1**](#references) which is of paramount importance when dealing with stakeholders. That's not to say it's an absolute right like the right to life; it's a qualified right, so there are extreme circumstances in which it can be infringed upon.

Given this, from design to implementation, privacy protection was of paramount importance to use. We used the ‘The International Data Privacy Principles' (IDPPs) as an appropriate guide to managing personal data. This complies normative ethics since in enshrines values and encourages positive outcomes. A further strength of the project concerns its approach to data protection. Specifically, the we (maybe, possibly) anonymised participants' personal data, and the software has (maybe, possibly if we have time) implementations to remove personal data if the participant so desires. This is in clear accordance with General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

Despite all of this, there are certainly limitations with our product. For instance, we weren't able to focus on protect data as robustly as we would have liked. This was due to time constraints and heavy workloads. One possible extension concerns testing. In particular, the software would benefit from some more extensive testing. A possible project extension to address this limitation would be to conduct rigorous tests to determine what a hacker could manipulate, attack those vulnerabilities and then fix them [**3**](#references).

For example, a brute-force attack to guess a user password and a simple account suspension on the third incorrect entry of the password. A secure-sockets-layer (SSL) encryption to ensure data transferred between devices is encrypted and secure would have established greater data security. These nontrivial features would bolster the security of the app and make it a better candidate for future use in data gathering, which is important given the significance of privacy and security concerns in the uptake of mobile health technologies [**2**](#references). Maybe this is a little over the top though for our purposes. But regardless, we can discuss this added security as a potential feature were we to scale up this project.

## Future work

There is, we feel, a lot of scope for future work in this area. In particular...


### Impact of our work


### Design, development, and evaluation


### Possible extensions



## References

[1] Brey, P. (2007). Ethical Aspects of Information Security and Privacy, in: Security, Privacy, and Trust in Modern Data Management, 21-36.

[2] Hung, M., et al (2013). Uncovering patterns of technology use in consumer health informatics. Wiley interdisciplinary reviews. Computational statistics 5, 6: 432–447.

[3] Votipka, D., et al (2018). Hackers vs. Testers: A Comparison of Software Vulnerability Discovery Processes, IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy (SP), 374-391.
___
