Portfolio/Evaluation.md, before:

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/header.png)

</div>

___

# Evaluation

In this section, we evaluate our app. We start by evaluating the design of the app, looking at the strengths, weaknesses and lessons learned. We then move on to unit testing, with a focus on how our selected harness helped us throughout the project build. After unit testing, we go on to look at user acceptance testing and we reflect on our working practices and successes. Finally, we discuss the social and ethical implications of our product and future work.

## Table of contents

* [**Evaluation of design**](#evaluation-of-design)
   * [Strengths](#strengths)
   * [Weaknesses](#weaknesses)
   * [Lessons learned](#lessons-learned)
* [**Unit testing**](#unit-testing)
   * [Testing harness](#testing-harness)
   * [Rationale](#rationale)
* [**User acceptance testing**](#user-acceptance-testing)
   * [User acceptance testing](#user-acceptance-testing)
   * [Findings and implications](#findings-and-implications)


## Evaluation of design

When it came to the design of the project we felt... with this in mind, we will now evaluate the strengths, weaknesses and potential extensions of the design before reflecting on the lessons we've learned about this aspect of the project.

### Strengths

With regard to the strengths of the design,

### Weaknesses

Given the time constraints of this unit...

### Possible Extensions

There are many possible extensions to mention here...

### Lessons learned

We have learned many lessons...


## Unit testing

Unit testing is obviously very important when it comes to building a prototype web application. One important point concerns the practicality of unit testing. A testing harness offers a standardised framework for automatically testing code. It serves to ensure that the code does not regress to a weaker state (which can be overcome through regression testing) and makes the code clear and maintainable.

### Testing harness

### Rationale


## User acceptance testing

We now turn to the user acceptance testing.


### Methods undertaken


### Findings and implications

We conducted an evaluation of our design with users


___

Commit message:

:pencil2: updating documentation, adding navigation to each section

Portfolio/Evaluation.md, after:

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/header.png)

</div>

___

# Evaluation

In this section, we evaluate our app. We start by evaluating the design of the app, looking at the strengths, weaknesses and lessons learned. We then move on to unit testing, with a focus on how our selected harness helped us throughout the project build. After unit testing, we go on to look at user acceptance testing and we reflect on our working practices and successes. Finally, we discuss the social and ethical implications of our product and future work.

## Table of contents

* [**Evaluation of design**](#evaluation-of-design)
   * [Strengths](#strengths)
   * [Weaknesses](#weaknesses)
   * [Lessons learned](#lessons-learned)
* [**Unit testing**](#unit-testing)
   * [Testing harness](#testing-harness)
   * [Rationale](#rationale)
* [**User acceptance testing**](#user-acceptance-testing)
   * [User acceptance testing](#user-acceptance-testing)
   * [Findings and implications](#findings-and-implications)


## Evaluation of design

When it came to the design of the project we felt... with this in mind, we will now evaluate the strengths, weaknesses and potential extensions of the design before reflecting on the lessons we've learned about this aspect of the project.

### Strengths

With regard to the strengths of the design,

### Weaknesses

Given the time constraints of this unit...

### Possible Extensions

There are many possible extensions to mention here...

### Lessons learned

We have learned many lessons...


## Unit testing

Unit testing is obviously very important when it comes to building a prototype web application. One important point concerns the practicality of unit testing. A testing harness offers a standardised framework for automatically testing code. It serves to ensure that the code does not regress to a weaker state (which can be overcome through regression testing) and makes the code clear and maintainable.

### Testing harness

### Rationale


## User acceptance testing

We now turn to the user acceptance testing.


### Methods undertaken


### Findings and implications

We conducted an evaluation of our design with users


## Navigate

- [Go To Next Section](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Portfolio/Conclusion.md)
- [Go Back To Readme](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/tree/dev)


___
