Portfolio/UX_Design.md, before:

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/header.png)

</div>

___

# UX Design

In this section, we discuss the User Experience (UX) design of our app. We start by outlining the design process and ideation and evolution of user interface (UI) design. We then identify our stakeholders and provide details regarding their 'stories'. Following this, we discuss our UX approach and design and discuss the importance of the user group.

## Table of contents

* [**UX Design**](#ux-design)
   * [Design Process and Ideation](#design-process-and-ideation)
   * [Evolution of UI Design](#evolution-of-ui-design)
* [**Identification of users and stakeholders**](#identification-of-users-and-stakeholders)
   * [Stakeholders](#stakeholders)
   * [End-user](#end-user)
   * [Product manager](#project-manager)
   * [Sponsor](#sponsor)
* [**UX approach - design methods**](#ux-approach--design-methods)
  * [Understanding user group](#understanding-user-group)



## UX Design

With regard to the UX design, we decided to...

### Design Process and ideation


Below is a picture of a mind map created for our project ideation phase. The mind map shows the different types of games we were considering when trying to determine what board game to build.

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/mind_map.png)

</div>

Here is a mind map of the different real world issues and problems we were considering. The idea here was to combine a real world issue/problem with a particular type of game to generate a a board game for our SPA.

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/mind_map2.png)

</div>

The following are photos of the ideas matrix we used to generate ideas for the application. Different types of games are in the rows and different types of real-world issues are in the columns.

[![ideas1.png](https://i.postimg.cc/TwvNhtdg/ideas1.png)](https://postimg.cc/WDSwH6J1)

As you can see, the rows are populated with different types of games. These include 'unforgiving games' 'card games' 'guessing games' and 'educational games'. Along the columns there are different real-world issues such as 'political issues' 'mental health issues' and 'learning english'.

[![ideas.png](https://i.postimg.cc/GtcMx9sp/ideas.png)](https://postimg.cc/MMFbW65k)

### Evolution of UI Design

**Version 1: paper prototype**

At this stage, we used the shared powerpoint in Teams to brainstorm and design each web page separately with considration of  the content and funcionaility of each page.

**Version 2: short paper prototype video**

At this stage, we integrated all the web pages together and focused on adding navigation between the pages. We filmed a short video demo to make sure the navigation flow goes well.
<br/><br/>
<p align="center">
  <img width="700" height="400" src="https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Portfolio/images/demo.gif" alt="">
  <br/>
  <b >Paper Prototype Demo</b>
  <br/><br/>
</p>

**Version 3: UI wireframe in Figma**

At this stage, we converted the paper prototype of our website to a wireframe to simulate all the features (including the structure of menu, button control, requests and responses) we have planned with the use of [Figma](https://www.figma.com/) (a digital design and prototyping tool). See our initial wireframe version [here](https://www.figma.com/proto/0CgBZ0XKPHl8fCcgvPSsWr/NotSoBoredGames-Copy?node-id=6%3A137&scaling=scale-down&page-id=6%3A121).


**Version 4: Updated UI wireframe in Figma**

We distributed the digital UI prototype to the potential users and created a test to gather user feedback with a focus on the feasibility of the website, the functionality and ease of use. We distributed our digital UI prototype to the potential users with an online questionnaire to gather feedback and update our wireframes.

Here are some sample questions from the prototype test:
![image](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Portfolio/images/test1.png)
![image](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Portfolio/images/test2.png)
![image](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Portfolio/images/test3.png)
See our full test report [here](https://my.helio.app/report/01F1WDKPM82XVYYJVE0HS5Q93T).
<br/><br/>
Based on the report, we focused on the following key issues to update:
- We updated the profile page of the user and added more information about the user's gaming experience to enhance the user experience. This includes the number of matches recently played, the win rate of the user, the people recently played with etc.

- We added a "how to play" button under the title of each games and the player can click on the button to learn the rules and operations before starting the game.

- After the game menu page, we planned to add a new option for the user to choose who they want to play with. If the user chooses to play with friends, we will provide the online friends from their friendlist so that they can select and send invitation to the friend.

- We added a button to view the leaderboard of each game.

- We used combination of text and icon to present information/button.

Here is the [updated wireframe](https://www.figma.com/proto/fEaURWLCXr8yoBFjMjvQzi/NotSoBoredGames?node-id=6%3A137&scaling=scale-down&page-id=6%3A121) for our website:
<br/><br/>
<p align="center">
  <img width="700" height="400" src="https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Portfolio/images/updated%20wireframe.png" alt="">
  <br/>
  <b align="center">UI Wireframe</b>
  <br/><br/>
  <img width="700" height="400" src="https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Portfolio/images/Wireframe.gif" alt="">
  <br/>
  <b align="center">UI Demo</b>
  <br/><br/>
</p>


## Identification of users and stakeholders

When identifying the users and stakeholders, we took the decision to use two end-users and two additional stakeholders to advise us during the development lifecycle.

```
  1. End-user: member of target group
  2. End-user: member of target group
  3. Product manager: specialist external advisor
  4. Sponsor: external sponsor with understanding of end-users

```

The end-users are two members of our target group, both with interests in online gaming as a platform for connecting with others. The two additional stakeholders are a product manager who offers advice on the design of the product, and a care home manager acting as a sponsor. It is important to note that these end-users and stakeholders are all 'proto-personas', namely they are fictional characters whose identities have been created to guarantee our approach aligns with the agile method. It is also important to note that the views of these fictional characters represent real feedback collected from real users during user testing.

These proto-personas are based on assumptions about the relevant stakeholders, and are designed to simulate the approach taken in a real-life agile project, during which there is a continuous dialogue between the software development team and their clients, owing to the client-led approach at the heart of the agile framework.

There was plenty of scope to include more stakeholders to this list of four, however due to time-constraints we decided that four stakeholders would suffice to inform us during the each sprint.

## Stakeholders

In what follows, we will outline our stakeholder stories. These stories will list important and relevant information about our stakeholders, particularly with regard to their knowledge and experience of the product we will be developing. These stakeholders will then form a major part of our sprints, the details of which can be found in [Documentation of sprints](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Portfolio/Sprints_Project_Management.md#documentation-of-sprints).

## End-user

Turning to our stakeholders, we have the first of our end-users. This end-user is called is Bob Smith. Below we have broken down his 'wants' and 'challenges', as well as his motivations, experience, expectations, and special requirements in relation to our product.

___

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/user_bob_profile.jpg)

</div>

### Motivations

Bob enjoys playing board games, but he has no experience with digital games. He wants a challenge, but he wants to do this with friends or family. He also doesn't want to get lost in the complexity of a 'busy' interface. He wants to play games to stimulate his brain and learn more.

He thinks that online games aren't just for teenagers, they're for people of all ages, and that if the process of playing online games was made more accessible and easy-to-understand then there would be a greater uptake in online games among older adults.

### Expectations

Bob's expectations are that the application will be easy to use and that the interface will be bright.

### Special Requirements

Bob's vision has been fading for a few years so he would really like to have a bright, lively interface to engage with.

## End-user

The second of our end-users is Sally Gardner. Her personal requirements are included below.

___

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/user_sally_profile.jpg)

</div>

### Motivations

Sally knows nothing about digital games. She used to play board games when she was younger, but she doesn't play anyone since she doesn't socialise very much. After her husband passed away a few years ago, she began to withdraw from social life. Her family visit her when they can, but they would like to see her more often. Sally thinks that an online game platform might a good way for her to connect with his family more regularly and overcome the loneliness and isolation she's been feeling since her husband's death.

### Expectations

Sally's expectations are...

### Special Requirements

Sally's special requirements are that


## Product manager

The third stakeholder is a product manager called Jack Barnett. As with the end-users, his background and interest in the project is listed below.

___

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/manager_jack_profile.jpg)

</div>

### Motivations

Jack, 36, is a product manager. In his role as a product manager, he is responsible for setting the strategy and vision of a product. He also advises on the development methodology, evaluating ideas and feedback from end-users and other stakeholders, and making sure those views are integrated into the development process. His aim is to do this as seamlessly as possible.

He also advises teams on prioritising features and setting weekly goals and targets. For our purposes, he will be advising us throughout the development process.

### Expectations

Jack's expectations are that the group will use the Agile methodology as best they can, that they will communicate regularly, aim to produce a minimum viable product as soon as they can, and make sure that the needs of the end-user are put above all else.



## Sponsor

Our final stakeholder is called Simon Sharma. His background and requirements are listed below.

___

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/user_simon_profile.jpg)

</div>

### Motivations

Simon, 69, is the manager of a local care home. He has first-hand experience of the needs of our target audience, namely older adults, and he knows the potential of using games to enhance their wellbeing. He has been a regular gamer for many years, and he firmly believes it is one of best form of entertainment. He wants to use our product to help improve the lives of the residents in the care home he manages.

His feedback during the sprint cycles is invaluable, since he not only understands the wants and desires of older adults, but also, as an older adult with an interest in online games, he is well placed to advise on the type of user interface that would be most effective.

### Expectations

Simon's expectations are that the group will embrace the project using the Agile methodology.

### Special Requirements


## UX approach - design methods

When considering the UX approach we felt it was important to choose something that was relevant and of genuine importance. As such, we honed in on major issues facing society. After drafting two project proposals we decided that NotSoBored Games was the best project given the constraints of time, skills and resources we had to design and implement the application.


## Game design for older people

A digital game for the elderly should be designed with the needs of the target user in mind. In particular, it is important to design the game according to the technical competence of the user and familiarity with digital interfaces and online platforms. There are, of course, mental and physical impairments associated with old age such as loss of hearing, vision, motor movement and cognitive abilities both in terms of memory and executive function. Older adults tend to have slower response times to game stimuli.

In light of these user requirements, we can tailor our approach. For this, it is useful to turn to research on the design of digital games. Ijsselsteijn et al () conducted research on the design of digital games for the elderly from the perspective of health and psychology. In this work, the authors stress the importance of going beyond typical usability requirements to account for the wide range of abilities and impairments in the 70+ age group.
Some of the suggestions include:

- Using a game for social and educational purposes
- For relaxation and entertainment
- Motivation for sharpening the mind
- Encouraging physical activity

Similarly, Wang () suggests a very similar set of design requirements.



## Understanding user group

## Wireframes and interaction flow diagrams


## References

[3] Ijsselsteijn W., Herman H. et al., “Digital game design for elderly users”, Eindhoven University of Technology, 2007. https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=1328206

[4] Wang J., “Digital Game Design for Elderly Users: A Multi-Disciplinary Review”, The University of Birmingham, School of Computer Science, August 2016, http://www.cs.bham.ac.uk/~rjh/courses/ResearchTopicsInHCI/2015-16/Submissions/wangjiahui.pdf

[5] Inspiration for our proto-personas came from the following source https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/ux-designers-5-minute-guide-lean-personas/

___

## Navigate

- [Go To Next Section: Sprints & Project Management](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Portfolio/Sprints_Project_Management.md)
- [Go Back To Readme](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/tree/dev)

Commit message:

:pencil: adding design heuristics to UX design

Portfolio/UX_Design.md, after:

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/header.png)

</div>

___

# UX Design

In this section, we discuss the User Experience (UX) design of our app. We start by outlining the design process and ideation and evolution of user interface (UI) design. We then identify our stakeholders and provide details regarding their 'stories'. Following this, we discuss our UX approach and design and discuss the importance of the user group.

## Table of contents

* [**UX Design**](#ux-design)
   * [Design Process and Ideation](#design-process-and-ideation)
   * [Evolution of UI Design](#evolution-of-ui-design)
* [**Identification of users and stakeholders**](#identification-of-users-and-stakeholders)
   * [Stakeholders](#stakeholders)
   * [End-user](#end-user)
   * [Product manager](#project-manager)
   * [Sponsor](#sponsor)
* [**UX approach - design methods**](#ux-approach--design-methods)
  * [Understanding user group](#understanding-user-group)



## UX Design

With regard to the UX design, we decided to...

### Design Process and ideation


Below is a picture of a mind map created for our project ideation phase. The mind map shows the different types of games we were considering when trying to determine what board game to build.

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/mind_map.png)

</div>

Here is a mind map of the different real world issues and problems we were considering. The idea here was to combine a real world issue/problem with a particular type of game to generate a a board game for our SPA.

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/mind_map2.png)

</div>

The following are photos of the ideas matrix we used to generate ideas for the application. Different types of games are in the rows and different types of real-world issues are in the columns.

[![ideas1.png](https://i.postimg.cc/TwvNhtdg/ideas1.png)](https://postimg.cc/WDSwH6J1)

As you can see, the rows are populated with different types of games. These include 'unforgiving games' 'card games' 'guessing games' and 'educational games'. Along the columns there are different real-world issues such as 'political issues' 'mental health issues' and 'learning english'.

[![ideas.png](https://i.postimg.cc/GtcMx9sp/ideas.png)](https://postimg.cc/MMFbW65k)


### Evolution of UI Design

**Version 1: paper prototype**

At this stage, we used the shared powerpoint in Teams to brainstorm and design each web page separately with considration of  the content and funcionaility of each page.

**Version 2: short paper prototype video**

At this stage, we integrated all the web pages together and focused on adding navigation between the pages. We filmed a short video demo to make sure the navigation flow goes well.
<br/><br/>
<p align="center">
  <img width="700" height="400" src="https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Portfolio/images/demo.gif" alt="">
  <br/>
  <b >Paper Prototype Demo</b>
  <br/><br/>
</p>

**Version 3: UI wireframe in Figma**

At this stage, we converted the paper prototype of our website to a wireframe to simulate all the features (including the structure of menu, button control, requests and responses) we have planned with the use of [Figma](https://www.figma.com/) (a digital design and prototyping tool). See our initial wireframe version [here](https://www.figma.com/proto/0CgBZ0XKPHl8fCcgvPSsWr/NotSoBoredGames-Copy?node-id=6%3A137&scaling=scale-down&page-id=6%3A121).


**Version 4: Updated UI wireframe in Figma**

We distributed the digital UI prototype to the potential users and created a test to gather user feedback with a focus on the feasibility of the website, the functionality and ease of use. We distributed our digital UI prototype to the potential users with an online questionnaire to gather feedback and update our wireframes.

Here are some sample questions from the prototype test:
![image](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Portfolio/images/test1.png)
![image](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Portfolio/images/test2.png)
![image](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Portfolio/images/test3.png)
See our full test report [here](https://my.helio.app/report/01F1WDKPM82XVYYJVE0HS5Q93T).
<br/><br/>
Based on the report, we focused on the following key issues to update:
- We updated the profile page of the user and added more information about the user's gaming experience to enhance the user experience. This includes the number of matches recently played, the win rate of the user, the people recently played with etc.

- We added a "how to play" button under the title of each games and the player can click on the button to learn the rules and operations before starting the game.

- After the game menu page, we planned to add a new option for the user to choose who they want to play with. If the user chooses to play with friends, we will provide the online friends from their friendlist so that they can select and send invitation to the friend.

- We added a button to view the leaderboard of each game.

- We used combination of text and icon to present information/button.

Here is the [updated wireframe](https://www.figma.com/proto/fEaURWLCXr8yoBFjMjvQzi/NotSoBoredGames?node-id=6%3A137&scaling=scale-down&page-id=6%3A121) for our website:
<br/><br/>
<p align="center">
  <img width="700" height="400" src="https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Portfolio/images/updated%20wireframe.png" alt="">
  <br/>
  <b align="center">UI Wireframe</b>
  <br/><br/>
  <img width="700" height="400" src="https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Portfolio/images/Wireframe.gif" alt="">
  <br/>
  <b align="center">UI Demo</b>
  <br/><br/>
</p>


## Identification of users and stakeholders

When identifying the users and stakeholders, we took the decision to use two end-users and two additional stakeholders to advise us during the development lifecycle.

```
  1. End-user: member of target group
  2. End-user: member of target group
  3. Product manager: specialist external advisor
  4. Sponsor: external sponsor with understanding of end-users

```

The end-users are two members of our target group, both with interests in online gaming as a platform for connecting with others. The two additional stakeholders are a product manager who offers advice on the design of the product, and a care home manager acting as a sponsor. It is important to note that these end-users and stakeholders are all 'proto-personas', namely they are fictional characters whose identities have been created to guarantee our approach aligns with the agile method. It is also important to note that the views of these fictional characters represent real feedback collected from real users during user testing.

These proto-personas are based on assumptions about the relevant stakeholders, and are designed to simulate the approach taken in a real-life agile project, during which there is a continuous dialogue between the software development team and their clients, owing to the client-led approach at the heart of the agile framework.

There was plenty of scope to include more stakeholders to this list of four, however due to time-constraints we decided that four stakeholders would suffice to inform us during the each sprint.

## Stakeholders

In what follows, we will outline our stakeholder stories. These stories will list important and relevant information about our stakeholders, particularly with regard to their knowledge and experience of the product we will be developing. These stakeholders will then form a major part of our sprints, the details of which can be found in [Documentation of sprints](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Portfolio/Sprints_Project_Management.md#documentation-of-sprints).

## End-user

Turning to our stakeholders, we have the first of our end-users. This end-user is called is Bob Smith. Below we have broken down his 'wants' and 'challenges', as well as his motivations, experience, expectations, and special requirements in relation to our product.

___

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/user_bob_profile.jpg)

</div>

### Motivations

Bob enjoys playing board games, but he has no experience with digital games. He wants a challenge, but he wants to do this with friends or family. He also doesn't want to get lost in the complexity of a 'busy' interface. He wants to play games to stimulate his brain and learn more.

He thinks that online games aren't just for teenagers, they're for people of all ages, and that if the process of playing online games was made more accessible and easy-to-understand then there would be a greater uptake in online games among older adults.

### Expectations

Bob's expectations are that the application will be easy to use and that the interface will be bright.

### Special Requirements

Bob's vision has been fading for a few years so he would really like to have a bright, lively interface to engage with.

## End-user

The second of our end-users is Sally Gardner. Her personal requirements are included below.

___

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/user_sally_profile.jpg)

</div>

### Motivations

Sally knows nothing about digital games. She used to play board games when she was younger, but she doesn't play anyone since she doesn't socialise very much. After her husband passed away a few years ago, she began to withdraw from social life. Her family visit her when they can, but they would like to see her more often. Sally thinks that an online game platform might a good way for her to connect with his family more regularly and overcome the loneliness and isolation she's been feeling since her husband's death.

### Expectations

Sally's expectations are...

### Special Requirements

Sally's special requirements are that


## Product manager

The third stakeholder is a product manager called Jack Barnett. As with the end-users, his background and interest in the project is listed below.

___

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/manager_jack_profile.jpg)

</div>

### Motivations

Jack, 36, is a product manager. In his role as a product manager, he is responsible for setting the strategy and vision of a product. He also advises on the development methodology, evaluating ideas and feedback from end-users and other stakeholders, and making sure those views are integrated into the development process. His aim is to do this as seamlessly as possible.

He also advises teams on prioritising features and setting weekly goals and targets. For our purposes, he will be advising us throughout the development process.

### Expectations

Jack's expectations are that the group will use the Agile methodology as best they can, that they will communicate regularly, aim to produce a minimum viable product as soon as they can, and make sure that the needs of the end-user are put above all else.



## Sponsor

Our final stakeholder is called Simon Sharma. His background and requirements are listed below.

___

<div align="center">

![alt text](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Logo/user_simon_profile.jpg)

</div>

### Motivations

Simon, 69, is the manager of a local care home. He has first-hand experience of the needs of our target audience, namely older adults, and he knows the potential of using games to enhance their wellbeing. He has been a regular gamer for many years, and he firmly believes it is one of best form of entertainment. He wants to use our product to help improve the lives of the residents in the care home he manages.

His feedback during the sprint cycles is invaluable, since he not only understands the wants and desires of older adults, but also, as an older adult with an interest in online games, he is well placed to advise on the type of user interface that would be most effective.

### Expectations

Simon's expectations are that the group will embrace the project using the Agile methodology.

### Special Requirements


## UX approach - design methods

When considering the UX approach we felt it was important to choose something tried and tested, which we could rely on to guide us. For this reason we chose to use the 'ten commandments' articulated by Jakob Nielson and Rold Molich in their famous paper "Improving a Human-Computer Dialogue". In this paper, the authors claim that there are a set of principles (referred to as heuristics) which people in industry can use and adopt to make an informed assessment of their human-computer interaction. Let's explore this in more depth.

### Design heuristics

Before explaining our design method, we should define what a heuristic is. A heuristic is a quick, effective way to solve a problem or decide on a particular course of action. It's a practical shortcut which is known to work. In the context of UX design, professionals can assess a design or products' usability by means of heuristics. These heuristics are contained within a criteria or list of questions to ask so as to identify limitations and faults with the design. This helps to catch any issues which may have been overlooked by the team responsible for UX and UI design.

   1. Keep users informed about its status appropriately and promptly.
   2. Show information in ways users understand from how the real world operates, and in the users’ language.
   3. Offer users control and let them undo errors easily.
   4. Be consistent so users aren’t confused over what different words, icons, etc. mean.
   5. Prevent errors – a system should either avoid conditions where errors arise or warn users before they take risky actions (e.g., “Are you sure you want to do this?” messages).
   6. Have visible information, instructions, etc. to let users recognise options, actions, etc. instead of forcing them to rely on memory.
   7. Be flexible so experienced users find faster ways to attain goals.
   8. Have no clutter, containing only relevant information for current tasks.
   9. Provide plain-language help regarding errors and solutions.
   10. List concise steps in lean, searchable documentation for overcoming problems.


## Game design for older people

A digital game for the elderly should be designed with the needs of the target user in mind. In particular, it is important to design the game according to the technical competence of the user and familiarity with digital interfaces and online platforms. There are, of course, mental and physical impairments associated with old age such as loss of hearing, vision, motor movement and cognitive abilities both in terms of memory and executive function. Older adults tend to have slower response times to game stimuli.

In light of these user requirements, we can tailor our approach. For this, it is useful to turn to research on the design of digital games. Ijsselsteijn et al () conducted research on the design of digital games for the elderly from the perspective of health and psychology. In this work, the authors stress the importance of going beyond typical usability requirements to account for the wide range of abilities and impairments in the 70+ age group.
Some of the suggestions include:

- Using a game for social and educational purposes
- For relaxation and entertainment
- Motivation for sharpening the mind
- Encouraging physical activity

Similarly, Wang () suggests a very similar set of design requirements.



## Understanding user group

## Wireframes and interaction flow diagrams


## References

[3] Ijsselsteijn W., Herman H. et al., “Digital game design for elderly users”, Eindhoven University of Technology, 2007. https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=1328206

[4] Wang J., “Digital Game Design for Elderly Users: A Multi-Disciplinary Review”, The University of Birmingham, School of Computer Science, August 2016, http://www.cs.bham.ac.uk/~rjh/courses/ResearchTopicsInHCI/2015-16/Submissions/wangjiahui.pdf

[5] Inspiration for our proto-personas came from the following source https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/ux-designers-5-minute-guide-lean-personas/

___

## Navigate

- [Go To Next Section: Sprints & Project Management](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/blob/dev/Portfolio/Sprints_Project_Management.md)
- [Go Back To Readme](https://github.com/ChrisEssery/group-project/tree/dev)
